#mkdom.js - High level Javascript library to create DOM trees
mkdom.js is a Javascript library that contains high level functions for creating
DOM elements.

## Functions
### mk.mk

    mk.mk(type, properties, children)

This is the main function, it creates a new DOM element with a specific type
(string with name of the tag-- "div", "p", et cetera), an associative array of
properties, and a list of children.

See `mk.addProperties()` and `mk.addChildren()` for how to format these two
respective parameters.

Will return a DOM node, which can then be appended to the tree.

### mk.addChildren

    mk.addChildren(elem, children)

This function will add children nodes to an element. Children can be any of:

1) A DOM element (added as you would expect)
2) A String (which is used to create a text node, and then added)
3) An array containing any allowed types (each are added separately)
4) A function that returns any allowed types

These can be nested arbitrarily deep.

### mk.addProperties

    mk.addProperties(elem, properties)

Takes an associative array (properties), and applies each value to elem.

If one of the values is itself an associative array, it will recurse in.

For example;

    mk.addProperties(elem, {id:'element', style:{color:'red'}});

Is equivilant to

    elem.id = 'element';
    elem.style.color = 'red';

### mk.add

    mk.add(elem, child)

This is just another way to call `elem.appendChild(child)`.

## Licence
Copyright (c) 2010(s), Jeffrey Aylesworth <jeffrey@aylesworth.ca>

Permission to use, copy, modify, and/or distribute this software for any
purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above
copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND THE AUTHOR DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES
WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES
WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN
ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF
OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.

